---
layout: page
title: "Basics"
category: doc
date: 2016-08-23 16:55:03
order: 2
---
## Content of published data

This project is about publishing meta-data from accounts payable (_sv: leverantörsreskontra_).
A published file must not contain less than, but may contain more than:

* Payer (_sv: gäldenär_).
* Supplier (_sv: leverantör_).
* Internal identification of the invoice.
* Ledger entries (_sv: verifikationsrader_) with amount debited to cost accounts.
* Ledger of accounts (_sv: kontoplan_) of all accounts used in ledger entries.

A release of data is published in a single XML file according to the XMLSIE 1.0 standard.

## XMLSIE files

XMLSIE is a single or multiple XML document that can hold a complete bookkeeping system. For the scope of this project
all content should be stored in a single file. Thus all suppliers and accounts referenced in a file must be available
within that file.

If your accounts payable and ledger contains all your suppliers and ledger entries using all your accounts, then your
complete supplier list and your complete ledger of accounts must also be added to each and every file you produce.

In XMLSIE objects such as suppliers, invoices and accounts are coupled using internal identities. These identities
are not necessarily portable between two XMLSIE-files for the scope of this project.


The original documentation on XMLSIE 1.0 from the SIE organization can be found here:

* [XML Schema Definition](http://www.sie.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/XMLSIE_1_0.xsd)
* [PDF documentation](http://www.sie.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/XMLSIE%20Documentation_1_0.pdf)
